release: v1.49.0 (#5418)
apollographql/router: .changesets/feat_feature_shaika_add_ms_support_to_rhai_engine.md

> ### Support unix_ms_now in rhai engine ([Issue #5182](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/5182))
> 
> 
> By [@shaikatzz](https://github.com/shaikatzz) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5181

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Add support for `unix_ms_now` in Rhai customizations ([Issue #5182](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/5182))

Rhai customizations can now use the `unix_ms_now()` function to obtain the current Unix timestamp in milliseconds since the Unix epoch. 

For example:

```rhai
fn supergraph_service(service) {
    let now = unix_ms_now();
}
```

By [@shaikatzz](https://github.com/shaikatzz) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5181
```
